Save thee, friend,and thy music:
dost thou live by thy tabour?
No, sir, I live by thechurch.
Art thou a churchman?
No such matter, sir: Ido live by the church;
for I do live at my house,
and my house dothstand by the church.
Art not thou theLady Olivia's fool?
No, indeed, sir; the LadyOlivia has no folly:
she will keep no fool,sir, till she be married;
and fools are as like husbandsas pilchards are to herrings;
the husband's the bigger:I am indeed not her fool,
but her corrupter of words.
I saw thee late at theCount Orsino's.
Foolery, sir, does walkabout the orb like the sun,
it shines every where.I would be sorry, sir,
but the fool should be as oft
with your master aswith my mistress:
I think I saw yourwisdom there.
Nay, an thou pass upon me,I'll no more with thee.
Hold, there's expenses forthee.
Now Jove, in his nextcommodity of hair,
send thee a beard!
By my troth, I'll tell thee,I am almost sick for one;
though I would not have it growon my chin. Is thy lady within?
Would not a pair of thesehave bred, sir?
Yes, being kept togetherand put to use.
I would play Lord Pandarusof Phrygia, sir,
to bring a Cressidato this Troilus.
I understand you, sir;'tis well begged.
The matter, I hope,is not great, sir,
begging but a beggar:Cressida was a beggar.
My lady is within, sir.
I will construe tothem whence you come;
who you are and what youwould are out of my welkin,
I might say 'element,' butthe word is over-worn.
This fellow is wise enoughto play the fool;
And to do that well cravesa kind of wit:
He must observe their moodon whom he jests,
The quality of persons,and the time,
And, like the haggard,cheque at every feather
That comes before his eye.This is a practise
As full of labour as awise man's art
For folly that he wiselyshows is fit;
But wise men, folly-fall'n,quite taint their wit.
Save you, gentleman.
And you, sir.
Dieu vous garde, monsieur.
Et vous aussi; votreserviteur.
I hope, sir, you are; andI am yours.
Will you encounter thehouse? my niece is desirous
you should enter, if yourtrade be to her.
I am bound to your niece,sir; I mean, she is the
list of my voyage.
Taste your legs, sir; putthem to motion.
My legs do betterunderstand me, sir, than I
understand what you mean bybidding me taste my legs.
I mean, to go, sir, toenter.
I will answer you withgait and entrance.
Most excellentaccomplished lady,
the heavens rainodours on you!
That youth's a rare courtier:'Rain odours;' well.
My matter hath no voice,to your own most pregnant
and vouchsafed ear.
'Odours,' 'pregnant'and 'vouchsafed:'
I'll get 'em allthree all ready.
Let the garden door be shut,and leave me to my hearing.
Give me your hand, sir.
My duty, madam, and mosthumble service.
What is your name?
Cesario is your servant'sname, fair princess.
My servant, sir! 'Twasnever merry world
Since lowly feigning wascall'd compliment:
You're servant to theCount Orsino, youth.
And he is yours, and hismust needs be yours:
Your servant's servant isyour servant, madam.
For him, I think not onhim: for his thoughts,
Would they were blanks,rather than fill'd with me!
Madam, I come to whet yourgentle thoughts
On his behalf.
O, by your leave, I prayyou,
I bade you never speakagain of him:
But, would you undertakeanother suit,
I had rather hear you tosolicit that
Than music from thespheres.
Dear lady,--
Give me leave, beseechyou. I did send,
After the last enchantmentyou did here,
A ring in chase of you: sodid I abuse
Myself, my servant and, Ifear me, you:
Under your hardconstruction must I sit,
To force that on you, in ashameful cunning,
Which you knew none ofyours: what might you think?
Have you not set minehonour at the stake
And baited it with all theunmuzzled thoughts
That tyrannous heart can think?To one of your receiving
Enough is shown: acypress, not a bosom,
Hideth my heart. So, letme hear you speak.
I pity you.
That's a degree to love.
No, not a grize; for 'tisa vulgar proof,
That very oft we pityenemies.
Why, then, methinks 'tistime to smile again.
O, world, how apt the poorare to be proud!
If one should be a prey,how much the better
To fall before the lionthan the wolf!
(Clock strikes)
The clock upbraids me withthe waste of time.
Be not afraid, good youth,I will not have you:
And yet, when wit andyouth is come to harvest,
Your were is alike to reapa proper man:
There lies your way, duewest.
Then westward-ho! Graceand good disposition
Attend your ladyship!
You'll nothing, madam, tomy lord by me?
Stay:
I prithee, tell me whatthou thinkest of me.
That you do think you arenot what you are.
If I think so, I think thesame of you.
Then think you right: I amnot what I am.
I would you were as Iwould have you be!
Would it be better, madam,than I am?
I wish it might, for now Iam your fool.
O, what a deal of scornlooks beautiful
In the contempt and angerof his lip!
A murderous guilt showsnot itself more soon
Than love that would seemhid: love's night is noon.
Cesario, by the roses ofthe spring,
By maidhood, honour, truthand every thing,
I love thee so, that,maugre all thy pride,
Nor wit nor reason can mypassion hide.
Do not extort thy reasonsfrom this clause,
For that I woo, thoutherefore hast no cause,
But rather reason thuswith reason fetter,
Love sought is good, butgiven unsought better.
By innocence I swear, andby my youth
I have one heart, onebosom and one truth,
And that no woman has; nornever none
Shall mistress be of it,save I alone.
And so adieu, good madam:never more
Will I my master's tearsto you deplore.
Yet come again; for thouperhaps mayst move
That heart, which nowabhors, to like his love.
No, faith, I'll not stay ajot longer.
Thy reason, dear venom,give thy reason.
You must needs yield yourreason, Sir Andrew.
Marry, I saw yourniece do more favours
to the count's serving-man thanever she bestowed upon me;
Did she see thee the while,old boy? tell me that.
As plain as I see you now.
This was a great argumentof love in her toward you.
'Slight, will you make anass o' me?
I will prove itlegitimate, sir,
upon the oaths ofjudgment and reason.
And they have beengrand-jury-men
since before Noahwas a sailor.
She did show favour to theyouth in your sight only
to exasperate you, to awakeyour dormouse valour,
to put fire in your heart andbrimstone in your liver.
You should thenhave accosted her;
and with some excellent jests,fire-new from the mint,
you should have bangedthe youth into dumbness.
This was looked for at yourhand, and this was balked:
the double gilt ofthis opportunity
you let time wash off,
and you are now sailed into thenorth of my lady's opinion;
where you will hanglike an icicle
on a Dutchman's beard,
unless you do redeem it
by some laudable attempteither of valour or policy.
An't be any way, itmust be with valour;
for policy I hate:
Why, then, build me thy fortunesupon the basis of valour.
Challenge me the count'syouth to fight with him;
hurt him in eleven places: myniece shall take note of it;
and assure thyself, there isno love-broker in the world
can more prevail in man'scommendation with woman
than report of valour.
There is no way but this,Sir Andrew.
Will either of you bear mea challenge to him?
Go, write it in a martialhand; be curst and brief;
it is no matter how witty,so it be eloquent and fun
of invention: taunt himwith the licence of ink:
if thou thou'sthim some thrice,
it shall not be amiss;
and as many lies as willlie in thy sheet of paper,
although the sheetwere big enough
for the bed of Ware in England,set 'em down: go, about it.
Let there be gallenough in thy ink,
though thou write with agoose-pen, no matter: about it.
Where shall I find you?
We'll call thee at thecubiculo: go.
This is a dear manikin toyou, Sir Toby.
I have been dear to him, lad,
some two thousandstrong, or so.
We shall have a rareletter from him:
but you'll not deliver't?
Never trust me, then;
and by all means stir onthe youth to an answer.
I think oxen and wainropes
cannot hale them together. ForAndrew, if he were opened,
and you find so muchblood in his liver
as will clog thefoot of a flea,
I'll eat the restof the anatomy.
And his opposite, the youth,
bears in his visage nogreat presage of cruelty.
Look, where the youngestwren of nine comes.
If you desire the spleen,
and will laugh yourselfinto stitches, follow me.
Yond gull Malvolio is turnedheathen, a very renegado;
for there is no Christian,
that means to be savedby believing rightly,
can ever believe such impossiblepassages of grossness.
He's in yellow stockings.
And cross-gartered?
Most villanously; like apedant that keeps a school
i' the church. Ihave dogged him,
like his murderer. He does obeyevery point of the letter
that I dropped to betray him:
he does smile hisface into more lines
than is in the new map with theaugmentation of the Indies:
you have not seen sucha thing as 'tis.
I can hardly forbearhurling things at him.
I know my lady will strike him:
if she do, he'll smile andtake't for a great favour.
Come, bring us, bring uswhere he is.
I would not by my willhave troubled you;
But, since you make yourpleasure of your pains,
I will no further chideyou.
I could not stay behindyou: my desire,
More sharp than filedsteel, did spur me forth;
And not all love to seeyou, though so much
As might have drawn one toa longer voyage,
But jealousy what mightbefall your travel,
Being skilless in theseparts; which to a stranger,
Unguided and unfriended,often prove
Rough and unhospitable: mywilling love,
The rather by thesearguments of fear,
Set forth in your pursuit.
My kind Antonio,
I can no other answer makebut thanks,
And thanks; and ever thanksoft good turns
Are shuffled off with suchuncurrent pay:
But, were my worth as ismy conscience firm,
You should find better dealing.
What's to do?
Shall we go see thereliques of this town?
To-morrow, sir: best firstgo see your lodging.
I am not weary, and 'tislong to night:
I pray you, let us satisfyour eyes
With the memorials and thethings of fame
That do renown this city.
Would you'ld pardon me;
I do not without dangerwalk these streets:
Once, in a sea-fight, 'gainstthe count his galleys
I did some service; ofsuch note indeed,
That were I ta'en here itwould scarce be answer'd.
Belike you slew greatnumber of his people.
The offence is not of sucha bloody nature;
Albeit the quality of thetime and quarrel
Might well have given usbloody argument.
It might have since beenanswer'd in repaying
What we took from them;which, for traffic's sake,
Most of our city did: onlymyself stood out;
For which, if I be lapsedin this place,
I shall pay dear.
Do not then walk too open.
It doth not fit me. Hold,sir, here's my purse.
In the south suburbs, atthe Elephant,
Is best to lodge: I willbespeak our diet,
Whiles you beguile the timeand feed your knowledge
With viewing of the town:there shall you have me.
Why I your purse?
Haply your eye shall lightupon some toy
You have desire topurchase; and your store,
I think, is not for idlemarkets, sir.
I'll be your purse-bearerand leave you
For an hour.
To the Elephant.
I do remember.
I have sent after him: hesays he'll come;
How shall I feast him?what bestow of him?
For youth is bought more oftthan begg'd or borrow'd.
I speak too loud.
Where is Malvolio? he issad and civil,
And suits well for aservant with my fortunes:
Where is Malvolio?
He's coming, madam; butin very strange manner.
He is, sure, possessed, madam.
Why, what's the matter?does he rave?
No. madam, he doesnothing but smile:
your ladyship were best tohave some guard about you,
if he come; for, sure, theman is tainted in's wits.
Go call him hither.
I am as mad as he,
If sad and merry madnessequal be.
How now, Malvolio!
Sweet lady, ho, ho.
Smilest thou?
I sent for thee upon a sadoccasion.
Sad, lady! I could be sad:this does make some
obstruction in the blood,this cross-gartering;
but what of that? if itplease the eye of one,
it is with me as thevery true sonnet is,
'Please one, and please all.'
Why, how dost thou, man? whatis the matter with thee?
Not black in my mind,though yellow in my legs.
It did come to his hands, andcommands shall be executed:
I think we do know thesweet Roman hand.
Wilt thou go to bed,Malvolio?
To bed! ay, sweet-heart,and I'll come to thee.
God comfort thee!
Why dost thou smile so andkiss thy hand so oft?
How do you, Malvolio?
At your request! yes;nightingales answer daws.
Why appear you with thisridiculous boldness
before my lady?
'Be not afraid ofgreatness:' 'twas well writ.
What meanest thou by that,Malvolio?
'Some are born great,'--
Ha!
'Some achievegreatness,'--
What sayest thou?
'And some have greatnessthrust upon them.'
Heaven restore thee!
'Remember who commendedthy yellow stocking s,'--
Thy yellow stockings!
'And wished to see theecross-gartered.'
Cross-gartered!
'Go to thou art made, ifthou desirest to be so;'--
Am I made?
'If not, let me see thee aservant still.'
Why, this is verymidsummer madness.
Madam, the young gentleman ofthe Count Orsino's is returned:
I could hardlyentreat him back:
he attends yourladyship's pleasure.
I'll come to him.
Good Maria, let thisfellow be looked to.
Where's my cousin Toby?
Let some of my people havea special care of him:
I would not have him miscarry
for the half of my dowry.
O, ho! do you come near me now?
no worse man than SirToby to look to me!
This concurs directlywith the letter:
she sends him on purpose,
that I may appearstubborn to him;
for she incites me tothat in the letter.
'Cast thy humbleslough,' says she;
'be opposite with a kinsman,surly with servants;
let thy tongue tang witharguments of state;
put thyself into thetrick of singularity;'
and consequently setsdown the manner how;
as, a sad face, a reverendcarriage, a slow tongue,
in the habit of some sirof note, and so forth.
I have limed her; butit is Jove's doing,
and Jove make me thankful!And when she went away now,
'Let this fellow be lookedto:' fellow! not Malvolio,
nor after my degree,but fellow.
Why, every thingadheres together,
that no dram of a scruple,no scruple of a scruple,
no obstacle, no incredulousor unsafe circumsta--
What can be said? Nothing thatcan be can come between me
and the full prospectof my hopes.
Well, Jove, not I, isthe doer of this,
and he is to be thanked.
Which way is he, inthe name of sanctity?
If all the devils of hellbe drawn in little,
and Legion himself possessedhim, yet I'll speak to him.
Here he is, here he is.How is't with you, sir?
how is't with you, man?
Go off; I discard you: let meenjoy my private: go off.
Lo, how hollow the fiendspeaks within him!
did not I tell you?
Sir Toby, my lady prays youto have a care of him.
Ah, ha! does she so?
Go to, go to; peace, peace; wemust deal gently with him:
let me alone. Howdo you, Malvolio?
how is't with you? What,man! defy the devil:
consider, he's an enemy tomankind.
Do you know what you say?
La you, an you speakill of the devil,
how he takes it at heart! PrayGod, he be not bewitched!
Carry his water to thewise woman.
Marry, and it shall be doneto-morrow morning, if I live.
My lady would not lose himfor more than I'll say.
How now, mistress!
O Lord!
Prithee, hold thy peace;this is not the way:
do you not see you move him?let me alone with him.
No way but gentleness; gently,gently: the fiend is rough,
and will not be roughly used.
Why, how now, my bawcock!how dost thou, chuck?
Sir!
Get him to say hisprayers, good Sir Toby,
get him to pray.
My prayers, minx!
No, I warrant you, he willnot hear of godliness.
Go, hang yourselves all! youare idle shallow things:
I am not of your element:
you shall know more hereafter.
(laughing)
Is't possible?
If this were playedupon a stage now,
I could condemn it asan improbable fiction.
His very genius hath taken theinfection of the device, man.
Nay, pursue him now, lest thedevice take air and taint.
Why, we shall make him madindeed.
The house will be thequieter.
Come, we'll have him ina dark room and bound.
My niece is already in thebelief that he's mad:
we may carry it thus, for ourpleasure and his penance,
till our very pastime,tired out of breath,
prompt us to have mercy on him:
at which time we will bringthe device to the bar
and crown thee for afinder of madmen.
But see, but see.
More matter for a May morning.
Here's the challenge, read it:
warrant there's vinegarand pepper in't.
Is't so saucy?
Ay, is't, I warrant him:do but read.
Give me.
'Youth, whatsoever thou art,thou art but a scurvy fellow.'
Good, and valiant.
'Wonder not, nor admirenot in thy mind,
why I do call thee so,
for I will show theeno reason for't.'
A good note; that keeps youfrom the blow of the law.
'Thou comest to the ladyOlivia, and in my sight
she uses thee kindly: butthou liest in thy throat;
that is not the matterI challenge thee for.'
Very brief, and toexceeding good sense--less.
'I will waylay thee going home;
where if it be thychance to kill me,'--
Good.
'Thou killest me like arogue and a villain.'
Still you keep o' the windyside of the law: good.
'Fare thee well; and Godhave mercy upon
one of our souls! He mayhave mercy upon mine;
but my hope is better,and so look to thyself.
Thy friend, as thou usesthim, and thy sworn enemy,
ANDREW AGUECHEEK.
If this letter move himnot, his legs cannot:
I'll give't him.
You may have veryfit occasion for't:
he is now in somecommerce with my lady,
and will by and by depart.
Go, Sir Andrew: scout me forhim at the corner the orchard
like a bum-baily: so soonas ever thou seest him,
draw; and, as thoudrawest swear horrible;
for it comes to pass oftthat a terrible oath,
with a swaggering accentsharply twanged off,
gives manhood more approbation
than ever proof itself wouldhave earned him. Away!
Nay, let me alone forswearing.
Now will not Ideliver his letter:
for the behavior ofthe young gentleman
gives him out to be of goodcapacity and breeding;
his employment betweenhis lord and my niece
confirms no less:
therefore this letter, beingso excellently ignorant,
will breed no terrorin the youth:
he will find it comesfrom a clodpole.
But, sir, I will deliver hischallenge by word of mouth;
set upon Aguecheek anotable report of valour;
and drive the gentleman,as I know his
youth will aptly receiveit, into a most hideous
opinion of his rage, skill,fury and impetuosity.
This will so fright themboth that they will kill
one another by the look,like cockatrices.
I have said too much untoa heart of stone
And laid mine honour toounchary out:
There's something in methat reproves my fault;
But such a headstrongpotent fault it is,
That it but mocks reproof.
With the same 'havior thatyour passion bears
Goes on my master's grief.
Here, wear this jewel forme, 'tis my picture;
Refuse it not; it hath notongue to vex you;
And I beseech you comeagain to-morrow.
What shall you ask of methat I'll deny,
That honour saved may uponasking give?
Nothing but this; yourtrue love for my master.
How with mine honour may Igive him that
Which I have given to you?
I will acquit you.
Well, come againto-morrow: fare thee well:
A fiend like thee mightbear my soul to hell.
Gentleman, God save thee.
And you, sir.
That defence thou hast,betake thee to't:
of what nature the wrongs arethou hast done him, I know not;
but thy intercepter,full of despite,
bloody as the hunter, attendsthee at the orchard-end:
dismount thy tuck, beyare in thy preparation,
for thy assailant is quick,skilful and deadly.
You mistake, sir; I am sure noman hath any quarrel to me:
my remembrance is very free
and clear from any image ofoffence done to any man.
You'll find it otherwise,I assure you:
therefore, if you holdyour life at any price,
betake you to your guard; foryour opposite hath in him
what youth, strength, skill andwrath can furnish man withal.
I pray you, sir, what ishe?
He is knight, dubbedwith unhatched rapier
and on carpet consideration; buthe is a devil in private brawl:
souls and bodies hathhe divorced three;
and his incensement at thismoment is so implacable,
that satisfaction can be none
but by pangs of deathand sepulchre.
Hob, nob, is his word;give't or take't.
I will return againinto the house
and desire some conduct ofthe lady. I am no fighter.
I have heard ofsome kind of men
that put quarrels purposely onothers, to taste their valour:
belike this is aman of that quirk.
Sir, no;
his indignation derives itselfout of a very competent injury:
therefore, get you on andgive him his desire.
Back you shall notto the house,
unless you undertakethat with me
which with as much safetyyou might answer him:
therefore, on, or stripyour sword stark naked;
for meddle you must,that's certain,
or forswear to weariron about you.
This is as uncivil asstrange. I beseech you,
do me this courteous office,as to know of the knight
what my offence to him is:it is something of my
negligence, nothing of mypurpose.
I will do so.
Signior Fabian, stay you bythis gentleman till my return.
Pray you, sir, do you knowof this matter?
I know the knight isincensed against you,
even to a mortal arbitrement;
but nothing of thecircumstance more.
I beseech you, whatmanner of man is he?
Nothing of thatwonderful promise,
to read him by his form,
as you are like to find himin the proof of his valour.
He is, indeed, sir,the most skilful,
bloody and fatal oppositethat you could possibly
have found in anypart of Illyria.
Will you walk towards him?
I will make your peacewith him if I can.
I shall be muchbound to you for't:
I am one that had rather go withsir priest than sir knight:
I care not who knowsso much of my mettle.
Why, man, he's a very devil;
I have not seen such a firago.
I had a pass with him,rapier, scabbard and all,
and he gives me the stuck inwith such a mortal motion,
that it is inevitable;and on the answer,
he pays you as surely asyour feet hit the ground
they step on.
They say he has beenfencer to the Sophy.
Pox on't, I'll not meddlewith him.
Ay, but he will notnow be pacified:
Fabian can scarcehold him yonder.
Plague on't, an I thoughthe had been valiant
and so cunning in fence,
I'ld have seen him damned ereI'ld have challenged him.
Let him let the matter slip,
and I'll give him myhorse, grey Capilet.
I'll make the motion:
stand here, make agood show on't:
this shall end withoutthe perdition of souls.
Marry, I'll ride your horseas well as I ride you.
I have his horse to takeup the quarrel:
I have persuaded him theyouth's a devil.
He is as horriblyconceited of him;
and pants and looks pale, asif a bear were at his heels.
There's no remedy, sir;
he will fight withyou for's oath sake:
marry, he hath betterbethought him of his quarrel,
and he finds that now scarceto be worth talking of:
therefore draw, for thesupportance of his vow;
he protests he willnot hurt you.
Pray God defend me! Alittle thing would
make me tell them how muchI lack of a man.
Give ground, if you seehim furious.
Come, Sir Andrew,there's no remedy;
the gentleman will,
for his honour's sake,have one bout with you;
he cannot by theduello avoid it:
but he has promised me, as heis a gentleman and a soldier,
he will not hurtyou. Come on; to't.
Pray God, he keep hisoath!
I do assure you, 'tisagainst my will.
Put up your sword. If thisyoung gentleman
Have done offence, I takethe fault on me:
If you offend him, I forhim defy you.
You, sir! why, what areyou?
One, sir, that for hislove dares yet do more
Than you have heard himbrag to you he will.
Nay, if you be anundertaker, I am for you.
O good Sir Toby, hold!here come the officers.
I'll be with you anon.
Pray, sir, put your swordup, if you please.
Marry, will I, sir; and,for that I promised you,
I'll be as good as my word:
he will bear you easilyand reins well.
This is the man; do thyoffice.
Antonio, I arrest thee atthe suit of Count Orsino.
You do mistake me, sir.
No, sir, no jot; I knowyour favour well,
Though now you have nosea-cap on your head.
Take him away: he knows Iknow him well.
I must obey.
This comes with seekingyou:
But there's no remedy; Ishall answer it.
What will you do, now mynecessity
Makes me to askyou for my purse?
It grieves me Much more forwhat I cannot do for you
Than what befalls myself.You stand amazed;
But be of comfort.
Come, sir, away.
I must entreat of you someof that money.
What money, sir?
For the fair kindness youhave show'd me here,
And, part, being promptedby your present trouble,
Out of my lean and lowability
I'll lend you something:my having is not much;
I'll make division of mypresent with you:
Hold, there's half mycoffer.
Will you deny me now?
Is't possible that mydeserts to you
Can lack persuasion? Donot tempt my misery,
Lest that it make me sounsound a man
As to upbraid you withthose kindnesses
That I have done for you.
I know of none;
Nor know I you by voice orany feature:
I hate ingratitude more ina man
Than lying, vainness,babbling, drunkenness,
Or any taint of vice whosestrong corruption
Inhabits our frail blood.
O heavens themselves!
Come, sir, I pray you, go.
Let me speak a little. Thisyouth that you see here
I snatch'd one half out ofthe jaws of death,
Relieved him with suchsanctity of love,
And to his image, whichmethought did promise
Most venerable worth, didI devotion.
What's that to us? Thetime goes by: away!
But O how vile an idolproves this god
Thou hast, Sebastian, donegood feature shame.
In nature there's noblemish but the mind;
None can be call'ddeform'd but the unkind:
Virtue is beauty, but thebeauteous evil
Are empty trunkso'erflourish'd by the devil.
The man grows mad: awaywith him! Come, come, sir.
Lead me on.
Methinks his words do fromsuch passion fly,
That he believes himself:so do not I.
Prove true, imagination,O, prove true,
That I, dear brother,be now ta'en for you!
Come hither, knight;come hither, Fabian:
He named Sebastian: I mybrother know
Yet living in my glass;even such and so
In favour was my brother,and he went
Still in this fashion,colour, ornament,
For him I imitate: O, ifit prove,
Tempests are kind and saltwaves fresh in love.
A very dishonest paltry boy,
and more a coward than a hare:
his dishonesty appearsin leaving his
friend here in necessityand denying him;
and for his cowardship,ask Fabian.
A coward, a most devoutcoward, religious in it.
'Slid, I'll after himagain and beat him.
Do; cuff him soundly, butnever draw thy sword.
An I do not,--
Come, let's see the event.
I dare lay any money'twill be nothing yet.